Fix T958475 - The columnOption(id) help topic contains incorrect information in the id argument description (#1655)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/3 Methods/columnOption(id).md

* **Caption**        
The text displayed in the column header.

* **Service String**    

> Any string matching the following format: *"optionName:value"*, where *optionName* is one of the [column options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columns '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/'). For example, the following string corresponds to the command column: `type: buttons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any string matching the following format: *"optionName:value"*, where *optionName* is one of the [column options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columns '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/'). For example, the following string corresponds to the command column: `"type:buttons"`.
```

* **Caption**        
The text displayed in the column header.

* **Service String**    

> Any string matching the following format: *"optionName:value"*, where *optionName* is one of the [column options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columns '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/'). For example, the following string corresponds to the command column: `"type:buttons"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A string that matches the following format: *"optionName:value"*, where *optionName* is one of the [column options](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/columns '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/'). For example, the following string corresponds to the command column: `"type:buttons"`.
```
